Kim has never doubted the possibility of an afterlife or the 
existence of gods. In fact he intends to become a god, to shoot his 
way to immortality, to invent his way, to write his way. He has a 
number of patents: the Carsons spring knife, an extension of the 
spring blackjack principle; a cartridge in which the case becomes the 
projectile; an air gun in which air is compressed by a small powder 
charge; a magnetic gun
in which propulsion is effected by compressing a reversed magnetic 
field. "Whenever you use this bow I will be there," the Zen archery 
master tells his students. And he means there quite literally. He 
lives in his students and thus achieves a measure of immortality. And 
the immortality of a writer is to be taken literally. Whenever anyone 
reads his words the writer is there. He lives in his readers. So 
every time someone neatly guts his opponent with my spring knife or 
slices off two heads with one swipe of my spring sword I am there to 
drink the blood and smell the fresh entrails as they slop out with a 
divine squishy sound. I am there when the case bullet tbuds 
home-right in the stomach ... what a lovely grunt! And my saga will 
shine in the eyes of adolescents squinting through gunsmoke.

Kapow! Kapow! Kapow!

Kim considers that immortality is the only goal worth striving for. 
He knows that it isn't something you just automatically get for 
believing some nonsense or other like Christianity or Islam. It is 
something you have to work and fight for, like everything else in 
this life or another.

